in South Africa an irritable young bull
patrols a watering hole
he's aggressively territorial and not
open to sharing his prime real estate
his eyesight is poor and without a
breeze
he can't detect the scent of the
newcomers he needs a closer look
it's a female a possible partner
but she has a calf just months old she's
not ready or willing to make so the bull
sees them off with the force
he drives the mother back
and into deep water he launches an
attack
if the bull can find the weak points in
her suit of armor he could pierce
internal organs
with his mother in trouble the calf
Wade's in from behind
150th the big bull sighs David takes on
Goliath
may not be much but the jab throws the
bull off-guard
tiny calf and massive male go
head-to-head
confuse the bull fleas with the
courageous calf in hot pursuit
it just goes to show you don't have to
be big to win the fight